funky shorts one
in Japan pistol on back
so give me a break man on youtube this
is lesson number four in a series of
lessons designed to help you the slow
Japanese learner these are lessons
coming from someone who learned Japanese
the hard way studying my butt off in
Japan so I'm going to try to give you
the inside track on better ways to learn
a little things that you might not pick
up from a regular teacher i'm not a
professional japanese teacher I'm a
professional English teacher but I think
I'm I think I'm become due to come to an
alright job all right anyway last lesson
last lesson we learned the expression
ski I like right we learned ski this or
I like something right so the if you
remember I said be to God ski this and
this expression a lot of people asked me
already about this also remember to
check out give me a break man calm and
give me a flake man on youtube for for
more lessons I expression gasps key does
people ask me why don't you use wool you
know why don't use wool well you could
use it but it's not very very common
what is usually a particle that's used
to a point at the object that you're
going to do an action to ski is not
really an action it's just liking right
I like beer or I like what was my expert
in my expression last week let's say
that we wanted to say about dogs let's
talk about dogs I like dogs so inu inu
his dog Inu got ski guess the kanji for
dogs for those of you who are interested
the kanji for dogs is this a new gas ski
this you see that kanji there Inu gah
ski yes and well let's talk about cats
because you know I like cats too so what
if we want to say cats if you've watched
any apple milk 1988 videos you'll know
that cat is nickel nickel gas ski this
right what's the kanji for nickel kanji
for neck was much more complicated it's
this country here right oops there's
homewrecker nickel gah suki desu now the
question today is which one do you like
more do you like dogs more than cats or
cats more than dogs right so for this
expression when i'm going to show you
the
the Japanese writing here we have this
expression B yo d a gas kiedis more than
be more than being right I like a so
you've got to decide which one you like
more do you like cats more than dogs or
dogs more than cats personally I am a
dog lovers you know I have Maggie and we
like we will we don't really like cats
but will say that we kind of like but
for me I like dogs more than cats nickel
yo tee inna da ski this now remember
with the deaths ending you don't really
need to say des you can say da or you
can say des your that is more casual
does she always got an emphasis there
the CEO or you can do dial which is very
common to the ending dial this yo Nico
yo D a new gasket I oh not yours and as
a little punch there ok my a lot of my
students here at the school say not in
this particular room here but if the
school i'm at home right now say that
more than me they like Maggie Matt
Victor or big Todd remember there's no V
sound pronunciation Japanese say Vicky I
or II big coyote Maggie gah ski notice
on this sentence I didn't put dial or
des yeux because that's also very
natural just to drop it we just don't
say anything just ski ski is the verb if
you look in a dictionary or another
grammar book you'll find that ski is
considered also to be an adjective like
skena the like the thing I like like I
could say skena is it as an adjective
skena inna the dog I like the talk I
like what Maggie this the dog that I
like what Magnus unica skena Inu up
Maggie does the dog that I like is
Maggie so there's another way there's
another there's another way I'm going a
little bit quick quick right now but
what I would say is go back and review
this video and I'll try to make this
video just have that the point today you
know what do you like more what you
prefer what
do you like more than something else
right let's compare things today so
let's go back and do it one more time do
you like cats more than dogs do you like
dogs more than cats do you like me more
than Maggie right necro yo te new gasket
is right rather than cats I like dogs I
like dogs more than cats or you can flip
it around and say EMU yo Dee nickel got
ski this I like cats more than dogs
that's the question for today what do
you like more tell me two things coffee
tea Victor somebody else no the dog the
cat Maggie anything you want you know
you can be dirty in it I open find them
making dirty sentences as good way to
remember so you know I like I don't know
beer more than sex sex more than beer I
don't know it's up to you i'm going to
make any judgments here but ok that's it
for today thanks for watching remember
to check in me break my neck calm for
notes which i will slowly be building up
and give me a flake man on youtube will
do video response on that channel soon
i'll try to keep this short and that's
it see you later i'm out